README.md, before:

frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game - FROGGER
===============================

Student: Scott Stubbs
Project: 3

Running the game:
======================
To run Frogger - 
> copy all of game files to a directory on your local computer  including:
-- index.html
-- js
-- resources
-- css

project code 

Customizations include:
======================

Game notes:
A score will be tracked at the top of the screen to show the boys vs girls score
The player will change gender after each time a player reaches the top or gets hit by a bug
The bugs only eat the gems and get the duff.
-- green gems make the bugs run faster
-- duff makes the bugs wobble up and down
-- the more gems the faster the go and the more duff the more they wobble. (up to a max factor of 5)
The player's head does not hit the bugs because of the perspective of the board.

programming notes:
The varables in the program refer to the duff as black gems.

future improvements:
- I would like to have the duff and the color added to the bugs by rendering them on top of the base bug image instead of creating a seperate image for every condition.
- I would like to add actions that occur when the players hit the gems and the duff

References Used:
- I used the Udacity forums for tips on how to get started: http://discussions.udacity.com/t/a-direction-please/13803/4
- I also looked at someone's GitHub code for a sample on how to get started with creating the objects: http://abkendal.github.io/Grogger/.  I did not copy paste chunks of code from here but I did use it to help me to get started with determine the order of where to place my objects and functions.

Commit message:

added more detail about running the game and the game rules.

README.md, after:

frontend-nanodegree-arcade-game - FROGGER
===============================

Student: Scott Stubbs
Project: 3

Running the game:
======================
To run Frogger - 
> copy all of game files to a directory on your local computer  including:
-- index.html
-- js
-- images
-- css
> right click on the index.html, select "open with" and select a browser to run the game
> The game will start automatically when the index.html is opened with the score set to Boys:0 Girls:0


Game rules:
======================
A score will be tracked at the top of the screen to show the boys vs girls score
The player will change gender after each time a player reaches the top or gets hit by a bug
The bugs only eat the gems and get the duff.
-- green gems make the bugs run faster
-- duff makes the bugs wobble up and down
-- the more gems the faster the go and the more duff the more they wobble. (up to a max factor of 5)
The player's head does not hit the bugs because of the perspective of the board.

programming notes:
The varables in the program refer to the duff as black gems.

future improvements:
- I would like to have the duff and the color added to the bugs by rendering them on top of the base bug image instead of creating a seperate image for every condition.
- I would like to add actions that occur when the players hit the gems and the duff

References Used:
- I used the Udacity forums for tips on how to get started: http://discussions.udacity.com/t/a-direction-please/13803/4
- I also looked at someone's GitHub code for a sample on how to get started with creating the objects: http://abkendal.github.io/Grogger/.  I did not copy paste chunks of code from here but I did use it to help me to get started with determine the order of where to place my objects and functions.
